here the commons i got in new magic back
the 10th edition of course it yeah and
here the comments probably don't care
about these cards but i want to show you
show them to you anyways so here holy
strength holy strength and someone fiery
hell hound I have no idea what that is
rapid growth horn turtle a zombie
something lifelink bear thing doom blade
holy SH drinks unholy strength raise
your foot Griffin another oldie strength
another all these drinks I have a lot of
holy strengths something Oh drat
skeletons judge gelatin looming shade
zombie Goliath oh that's the name the
gate a distress regenerate lightning
bolt vampire risto
wait just wait from giant girls burst of
speed horn turtle miss leopard Myanmar
elves 10 drills of something Jed warlock
crawl worm